.NET Aspire release 9.3 content (#3926)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/cli-reference/aspire-run.md

---
title: aspire run command
description: Learn about the aspire run command and its usage. This command runs an Aspire app host.
ms.date: 07/11/2025
---
# aspire run command

**This article applies to:** ✔️ Aspire CLI 9.4.0 and later versions.

## Name

> `aspire run` - Run an Aspire app host in development mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aspire run` - Run an Aspire AppHost in development mode.
```
